---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "jamfprotect_computers Data Source - terraform-provider-jamfprotect"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Retrieves a list of all computers enrolled in Jamf Protect.
---

# jamfprotect_computers (Data Source)

Retrieves a list of all computers enrolled in Jamf Protect.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Retrieve all computers enrolled in Jamf Protect
data "jamfprotect_computers" "all" {}

# Output the total number of computers
output "total_computers" {
  value = length(data.jamfprotect_computers.all.computers)
}

# Output hostnames of all computers
output "computer_hostnames" {
  value = [for computer in data.jamfprotect_computers.all.computers : computer.host_name]
}

# Find computers with specific tags
locals {
  production_computers = [
    for computer in data.jamfprotect_computers.all.computers :
    computer if contains(computer.tags, "production")
  ]
}

output "production_computer_count" {
  value = length(local.production_computers)
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Read-Only

- `computers` (Attributes List) The list of computers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--computers))

<a id="nestedatt--computers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `computers`

Read-Only:

- `arch` (String) The architecture of the computer (e.g., arm64, x86_64).
- `cert_id` (String) The certificate ID of the computer.
- `checkin` (String) The timestamp of the last check-in.
- `config_hash` (String) The hash of the current configuration.
- `connection_status` (String) The current connection status (CONNECTED, DISCONNECTED).
- `created` (String) The timestamp when the computer was enrolled.
- `full_disk_access` (String) Whether Jamf Protect has Full Disk Access on the computer.
- `host_name` (String) The hostname of the computer.
- `insights_stats_fail` (Number) The number of failed insights checks.
- `insights_updated` (String) The timestamp when insights were last updated.
- `install_type` (String) The installation type of Jamf Protect on the computer.
- `kernel_version` (String) The kernel version of the operating system.
- `label` (String) A custom label for the computer.
- `last_connection` (String) The timestamp of the last connection.
- `last_connection_ip` (String) The IP address from the last connection.
- `last_disconnection` (String) The timestamp of the last disconnection.
- `last_disconnection_reason` (String) The reason for the last disconnection.
- `memory_size` (Number) The memory size of the computer in bytes.
- `model_name` (String) The model name of the computer.
- `os_major` (Number) The major version of the operating system.
- `os_minor` (Number) The minor version of the operating system.
- `os_patch` (Number) The patch version of the operating system.
- `os_string` (String) The full operating system version string.
- `pending_plan` (Number) Whether there is a pending plan update for the computer.
- `plan` (Attributes) The plan assigned to the computer. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--computers--plan))
- `serial` (String) The serial number of the computer.
- `signatures_version` (Number) The version of threat prevention signatures.
- `tags` (List of String) Tags associated with the computer.
- `updated` (String) The timestamp when the computer record was last updated.
- `uuid` (String) The unique identifier of the computer.
- `version` (String) The version of Jamf Protect installed on the computer.
- `web_protection_active` (Boolean) Whether web protection is active on the computer.

<a id="nestedatt--computers--plan"></a>
### Nested Schema for `computers.plan`

Read-Only:

- `hash` (String) The hash of the plan configuration.
- `id` (String) The ID of the plan.
- `name` (String) The name of the plan.
