---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "jamfprotect_removable_storage_control_sets Data Source - terraform-provider-jamfprotect"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Retrieves a list of all USB control sets in Jamf Protect.
---

# jamfprotect_removable_storage_control_sets (Data Source)

Retrieves a list of all USB control sets in Jamf Protect.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Read-Only

- `removable_storage_control_sets` (Attributes List) The list of USB control sets. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--removable_storage_control_sets))

<a id="nestedatt--removable_storage_control_sets"></a>
### Nested Schema for `removable_storage_control_sets`

Read-Only:

- `created` (String) The creation timestamp.
- `default_message_action` (String) The default message action for USB devices.
- `default_mount_action` (String) The default mount action for USB devices.
- `description` (String) A description of the USB control set.
- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the USB control set.
- `name` (String) The name of the USB control set.
- `rules` (Attributes List) The USB control rules. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--removable_storage_control_sets--rules))
- `updated` (String) The last-updated timestamp.

<a id="nestedatt--removable_storage_control_sets--rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `removable_storage_control_sets.rules`

Read-Only:

- `apply_to` (String) The scope this rule applies to.
- `message_action` (String) The message action for this rule.
- `mount_action` (String) The mount action for this rule.
- `products` (Attributes List) Vendor+product pairs (for ProductRule type). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--removable_storage_control_sets--rules--products))
- `serials` (List of String) Serial numbers (for SerialRule type).
- `type` (String) The rule type (Vendor, Serial, Product, or Encryption).
- `vendors` (List of String) Vendor identifiers (for VendorRule type).

<a id="nestedatt--removable_storage_control_sets--rules--products"></a>
### Nested Schema for `removable_storage_control_sets.rules.products`

Read-Only:

- `product` (String) The product identifier.
- `vendor` (String) The vendor identifier.
