---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "jamfprotect_usb_control_sets Data Source - jamfprotect"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Retrieves a list of all USB control sets in Jamf Protect.
---

# jamfprotect_usb_control_sets (Data Source)

Retrieves a list of all USB control sets in Jamf Protect.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# List all USB control sets in Jamf Protect.
data "jamfprotect_usb_control_sets" "all" {}

# Output the names and default mount actions of all USB control sets.
output "usb_control_set_summary" {
  value = [for u in data.jamfprotect_usb_control_sets.all.usb_control_sets : {
    name                 = u.name
    default_mount_action = u.default_mount_action
  }]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Read-Only

- `usb_control_sets` (Attributes List) The list of USB control sets. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--usb_control_sets))

<a id="nestedatt--usb_control_sets"></a>
### Nested Schema for `usb_control_sets`

Read-Only:

- `created` (String) The creation timestamp.
- `default_message_action` (String) The default message action for USB devices.
- `default_mount_action` (String) The default mount action for USB devices.
- `description` (String) A description of the USB control set.
- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the USB control set.
- `name` (String) The name of the USB control set.
- `rules` (Attributes List) The USB control rules. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--usb_control_sets--rules))
- `updated` (String) The last-updated timestamp.

<a id="nestedatt--usb_control_sets--rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `usb_control_sets.rules`

Read-Only:

- `apply_to` (String) The scope this rule applies to.
- `message_action` (String) The message action for this rule.
- `mount_action` (String) The mount action for this rule.
- `products` (Attributes List) Vendor+product pairs (for ProductRule type). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--usb_control_sets--rules--products))
- `serials` (List of String) Serial numbers (for SerialRule type).
- `type` (String) The rule type (VendorRule, SerialRule, or ProductRule).
- `vendors` (List of String) Vendor identifiers (for VendorRule type).

<a id="nestedatt--usb_control_sets--rules--products"></a>
### Nested Schema for `usb_control_sets.rules.products`

Read-Only:

- `product` (String) The product identifier.
- `vendor` (String) The vendor identifier.
