---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "jamfprotect_analytic_set Resource - jamfprotect"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages an analytic set in Jamf Protect. Analytic sets are collections of analytics that can be associated with plans.
---

# jamfprotect_analytic_set (Resource)

Manages an analytic set in Jamf Protect. Analytic sets are collections of analytics that can be associated with plans.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "jamfprotect_analytic_set" "example" {
  analytics = [
    "3c8a88ef-277a-4238-a695-ebaa6eee0921",
    "dcb69719-5ae1-46f6-972a-da1799daa00c",
  ]
  description = "Managed by Terraform"
  name        = "Example Analytic Set"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `analytics` (Set of String) A set of analytic UUIDs to include in this set.
- `name` (String) The name of the analytic set.

### Optional

- `description` (String) A description of the analytic set.
- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `created` (String) The creation timestamp.
- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the analytic set.
- `managed` (Boolean) Whether this is a Jamf-managed analytic set.
- `updated` (String) The last-updated timestamp.

<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import jamfprotect_analytic_set.example "<analytic-set-id>"
```
