---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "jamfprotect_custom_prevent_list Resource - jamfprotect"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages a custom prevent list in Jamf Protect. Custom prevent lists allow you to define allow/block entries by Team ID, file hash, CDHash, or signing ID for threat prevention.
---

# jamfprotect_custom_prevent_list (Resource)

Manages a custom prevent list in Jamf Protect. Custom prevent lists allow you to define allow/block entries by Team ID, file hash, CDHash, or signing ID for threat prevention.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "jamfprotect_custom_prevent_list" "example" {
  description  = "Managed by Terraform"
  list_data    = ["EXAMPLE"]
  name         = "Example"
  prevent_type = "TEAMID"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `list_data` (List of String) The list of entries (identifiers) in the custom prevent list.
- `name` (String) The name of the custom prevent list.
- `prevent_type` (String) The type of custom prevent list.

### Optional

- `description` (String) A description of the custom prevent list.
- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `created` (String) The creation timestamp.
- `entry_count` (Number) The number of entries in the custom prevent list.
- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the prevent list.

<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import jamfprotect_custom_prevent_list.example "<prevent-list-id>"
```
